README.md, before:

# unidic-py

This is a version of [UniDic](https://unidic.ninjal.ac.jp/) packaged for use
with pip. 

Currently it supports 2.3.0, the latest version of UniDic. **Note this will
take up 1GB on disk after install and can take a long time to download.** If
you want a small package, try
[unidic-lite](https://github.com/polm/unidic-lite).

After installing via pip, you need to download the dictionary using the
following command:

    python -m unidic download

Example use with [fugashi](https://github.com/polm/fugashi), though [mecab-python3](https://github.com/samurait/mecab-python3) works the same way:

    import fugashi
    import unidic
    tagger = fugashi.Tagger('-d{}'.format(unidic.DICDIR))
    # that's it!

# License

The modern Japanese UniDic is available under the GPL, LGPL, or BSD license,
[see here](https://unidic.ninjal.ac.jp/download#unidic_bccwj). UniDic is
developed by [NINJAL](https://www.ninjal.ac.jp/), the National Institute for
Japanese Language and Linguistics. 

The code in this repository is not written or maintained by NINJAL. The code is
available under the MIT or WTFPL License, as you prefer.

Commit message:

Add copy of UniDic license

README.md, after:

# unidic-py

This is a version of [UniDic](https://unidic.ninjal.ac.jp/) packaged for use
with pip. 

Currently it supports 2.3.0, the latest version of UniDic. **Note this will
take up 1GB on disk after install and can take a long time to download.** If
you want a small package, try
[unidic-lite](https://github.com/polm/unidic-lite).

After installing via pip, you need to download the dictionary using the
following command:

    python -m unidic download

Example use with [fugashi](https://github.com/polm/fugashi), though [mecab-python3](https://github.com/samurait/mecab-python3) works the same way:

    import fugashi
    import unidic
    tagger = fugashi.Tagger('-d{}'.format(unidic.DICDIR))
    # that's it!

# License

The modern Japanese UniDic is available under the GPL, LGPL, or BSD license,
[see here](https://unidic.ninjal.ac.jp/download#unidic_bccwj). UniDic is
developed by [NINJAL](https://www.ninjal.ac.jp/), the National Institute for
Japanese Language and Linguistics. UniDic is copyrighted by the UniDic
Consortium and is distributed here under the terms of the [BSD
License](./LICENSE.unidic).

The code in this repository is not written or maintained by NINJAL. The code is
available under the MIT or WTFPL License, as you prefer.
